added meta for guides (#39)
dashpay/docs-core: docs/guide/p2p-network-peer-discovery.md

```{eval-rst}
.. meta::
  :title: Peer Discovery

>   :description: Initial peer discovery in Dash Core involves querying hardcoded DNS seeds for IP addresses of active full nodes to establish connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Initial peer discovery in Dash Core involves querying hardcoded DNS seeds, exchanging peer to peer messages, and using a list of hardcoded masternode IP IP addresses to establish connections.
```

>   :description: Initial peer discovery in Dash Core involves querying hardcoded DNS seeds, exchanging peer to peer messages, and using a list of hardcoded masternode IP IP addresses to establish connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Initial peer discovery in Dash Core involves querying hardcoded DNS seeds, exchanging peer to peer messages, and using a list of hardcoded masternode IP addresses to establish connections.
```
